Edit of development section docs (#13247)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/guides/ci-cd.md

- Handling independent deployment of distinct groupings of work, as in a monorepo
- Efficiently using build time to avoid repeated work

> This [example repository](https://github.com/kevingrismore/cicd-example-workspaces) demonstrates addressing each of these considerations with a combination of Prefect's and GitHub's capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [example repository](https://github.com/kevingrismore/cicd-example-workspaces) addresses each of these considerations with a combination of Prefect's and GitHub's capabilities.
```
